Challenge 1/README.md, before:

# Challenge 1: Am I prime or not?
## Problem Statement 

>  Implement a pure function which takes a natural number as an input and returns
>  logical `true` if the said number is a prime number and logical `false`
>  otherwise.

Feel free to use one of fllowing languages:
- C
- C++
- Java
- JavaScript
- Python

## Example Code Template

These are a few example starter templates in a few languages that you can use.
- C/C++
```c
#include <stdio.h>

int isPrime (int num){
  // Your function Implementation 
}

int main() {
	isPrime(7);
return 0;
}
```
- Javascript:
```javascript
const isPrime = () => {
	// Your function implementation
}

isPrime(7) // function call
```
- Python
```python
def is_prime():
    # Your function implementation

print is_prime(7)
```

## Submission

- Fork the 7 Days of Algorithm 
  [GitHub repo](https://github.com/nexussjcet/7DaysofAlgo).
- Add your submission as a markdown file that includes your code and 
  an explanation of your code to `Challenge 1` folder. You can use this
  [submission template](https://github.com/nexussjcet/7DaysofAlgo/blob/main/Challenge%201/Submission%20Template.md)
  for reference.
- The file name of your markdown file should be your full name.
- Once you've added your markdown file to the folder, open a PR against main
  repo. An open pull request is considered a successful submission.

Commit message:

Add warning against modifying Submission Template

Challenge 1/README.md, after:

# Challenge 1: Am I prime or not?
## Problem Statement 

>  Implement a pure function which takes a natural number as an input and returns
>  logical `true` if the said number is a prime number and logical `false`
>  otherwise.

Feel free to use one of fllowing languages:
- C
- C++
- Java
- JavaScript
- Python

## Example Code Template

These are a few example starter templates in a few languages that you can use.
- C/C++
```c
#include <stdio.h>

int isPrime (int num){
  // Your function Implementation 
}

int main() {
	isPrime(7);
return 0;
}
```
- Javascript:
```javascript
const isPrime = () => {
	// Your function implementation
}

isPrime(7) // function call
```
- Python
```python
def is_prime():
    # Your function implementation

print is_prime(7)
```

## Submission

- Fork the 7 Days of Algorithm 
  [GitHub repo](https://github.com/nexussjcet/7DaysofAlgo).
- Add your submission as a markdown file that includes your code and 
  an explanation of your code to `Challenge 1` folder. You can use this
  [submission template](https://github.com/nexussjcet/7DaysofAlgo/blob/main/Challenge%201/Submission%20Template.md)
  for reference. **Do no directly edit `Submission Template.md` or delete it. Copy and paste it's content to your markdown
  file instead.**
- The file name of your markdown file should be your full name.
- Once you've added your markdown file to the folder, open a PR against main
  repo. An open pull request is considered a successful submission.
